Tenant/Application default URIs Dashboard settings (#7413)
auth0/docs: articles/dashboard/dashboard-tenant-settings.md

## Advanced

### Login and Logout

![](/media/articles/tutorials/tenant-settings/logout-urls.png)

**Allowed Logout URLs**:  These are a set of URLs that are valid to redirect to after logout from Auth0 when no `client_id` is specified on the logout endpoint invocation. It's useful as a global list when SSO is enabled.  Learn more about [Logout](/logout).

> **Tenant Login URI**: In some scenarios Auth0 will need your tenant to start the OIDC login flow . This URI should point to a route in our application that does it, by redirecting to `/authorize`. It would usually look like 'https://mytenant.org/login'. [Learn more](/universal-login/default-login-url).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Tenant Login URI**: In some scenarios Auth0 will need your tenant to start the OIDC login flow . This URI should point to a route in your application that starts the flow by redirecting to the `/authorize` endpoint. It would usually take the form of 'https://mytenant.org/login'. [Learn more about the tenant default login URI](/universal-login/default-login-url).
```
